I know it's been awhile but I've been
busy with other things so let's see if
we can take off where we left off last
night and dragon ball z it was happening
here oh shit god damn it oh I'm not
gonna like this level I know it it
starts off with these guys brought off
the bat ah huh what the hell he's
dancing off the screen stop dancing I
get there's nothing I can do about that
fuck this is stupid this is just stupid
and if he disappeared does another one
and there's oh god I'm fine to vote once
this will not end in my favor oh my god
oh my god well he was done good like you
were an asshole I hate this game I'm
staying still for too long oh he's
shooting babies at me oh fuck dude come
on give me a moment's rest please don't
go straight up ah ok it's red skin it's
not now to expect sort of
you can expect it but all assholes
expected i'm not gonna like it oh shut
up bitch in one area i'll be fortunate
up the hit ever something that's good
keep god yeah one down my fucking needs
one arm you're down they might get the
others he's you know famous last words
what fucking gun oh shut up you get it I
might even get past this part like I
really hoping he'll be able to make it
to like the checkpoint like something so
far ungood this is not gonna be good
stick hold on one sec hoses go at such a
weird angle put your straight oh fuck
you god damn it why did they make an
enemy like this in the game he's
literally impossible to hit you get
lucky yeah come on track line up I'll
make you regret that oh he just dances
there he taunts me fuck you that's right
what was that s awesome move what's at
the bird
oh it's got an easier way to do this the
run back to the open ground
oh oh four hits he's gonna dive at me as
me oh god I heard that oh yeah okay
please now I kind of know what to do so
don't take it to them don't take it to
you I got it that'd be great if that was
some armored horse beer spittoon it's
not really actually screwing me over
buddy okay the birds now hopefully I
don't spit like fireballs from shit nope
okay secrets nada
Oh like I'm speaker see that forever but
my armor buds appear after one Oh God
why me oh really
this is too small I can't fight him here
yes whoo yes whoo aah Oh think I killed
him no I didn't kill my god damn it okay
something give me something please fuck
you I know that's something but that's
not something I need oh my god i don't
think i'll be able to beat this level
honestly I just have to do like quick
saves
thank you
like quick save after I kill him with my
armor and then leveled with Allah this
is the stupid one ever you just kind of
took their you just stood there and took
it up I thought we get down there
whatever I'm not gonna question it in
once Kim just make any sense
Oh tricked you stupid bitch oh my god
second a Demon Slayer that's what I do
send up wenches Arthur will slay them
okay George a box with a stupid shit I
don't need case in point I don't need
that let's kill big bird and we can move
on this with both the arrows at him
they're useful let's go get killed
really badly
so fucking hot today I just can't
playing this am I said step Oh God ah I
wasn't ready I was complaining oh no
he's gonna deeper in he's gonna go
straight and kill me that's how might
this is not my story's gonna head I'll
time to stop Krajcik God gave an app
stop it oh yes he's dead my voice is
still gone he's not being used to open
are you gonna be a baby master that
works too fuck all right note that is ok
I made it
oh please don't be another one hey bunk
shit that has rough oh shit nose beams
thank you thank you thank you never lose
it how I gotta dodge that oh my god boom
by off on the gun followed by a report
oh this is really scary dude oh my god
hi indian some fly off
y'all got fire come on Arthur your
arrows are going off the screen just
like the lasers can't track you which is
necessarily a bad thing that means I
can't hit the bad guy damn it okay Mina
I guess that means you can't hit me so i
don't i don't know it's mixed ah i just
want us over with huh that can't people
but that's the boss what do i do then it
ended in death okay a level six and
seven and he think they're getting their
wrong to know their numbers wrong here
ready go oh you guys are got to wait for
this one